[Music]
welcome to the breakdown when we break
down all the messed up [ __ ] I'll be all
are safe and healthy right now while
you're stuck inside with nothing to do
let me give you something to watch feel
free to not watch this video if your
situation is overwhelming right now we
are all going through things because of
the sickness and sometimes the last
thing we need is to see stuff like men
behind the Sun also known as hey
tae-young 731 or black sun 731 simply
show some new arriving youth corps in
manchu co-viewing the sick experiments
done on natives of the puppet state and
other prisoners they are dehumanized by
General EC and his band of militarist
ass-kissers general EC actually wasn't
prosecuted for his crimes the United
States was too interested in the
research gained from unit 731 if you
want to see what happens including all
the messed up ours stay tuned for the
breakdown Q to go on
the movie begins documentary-style
showing the history as well as the
geographic location of unit 731 some
youth corpse of the empire is sent to
manchu code to help out at the unit
general EC arrives back at the
headquarters to oversee what's going on
as of right now it's 1944 according to
general issue the goal is to produce
bacterial weapons to help the Empire of
Japan win the war meanwhile some of the
youth core trying to Splinter Cell until
one part of the compound just to get a
ball back it has some sentimental value
I guess
too bad the superiors discovered a whole
group of missing kids not in bed and
everybody gets slapped for it the whole
building is alerted with sirens like
what you would hear as a tornado warning
and the team who started this whole
idiot mission dodges gunfire left and
right only to run into an electrified
fence this whole act is embarrassing
towards the higher-ups and general each
she begins to lay down some law from the
top up but he hears from his brother
here that a rival named naka Tomi is
talking [ __ ] turns out he made a water
purifier and not a told me said it's a
terrible invention to prove not that old
me wrong and embarrass him
a she pees in his water purifier and
then drinks what comes out and everybody
is saying in their heads
what was the point of all that so soon
the logs are brought in the generals are
designated the prisoners as being logs a
lot of scenes in this movie is the
generals trying to dehumanize the
prisoners to signify other people as
simply other is a terrible lesson to
teach others one of the prisoners is a
mother with a crying baby named Xiao
Cheng
the Imperial unit dragged the woman away
from her baby and kills the baby by
burying it in snow back to the whole
dehumanizing thing the youth corps
seemed new Chinese boy playing behind
the gaze of the compound and chased
after him thinking that he has the ball
of an old friend
you know the one that died from running
into an electric fence they let him go
after realizing he has his own special
ball and just overall they become
friends with him meanwhile generally she
walks upon some doctors vomiting what
was some doctors doing that made them
vomit
turns out they was doing some live
dissection on some poor guy that's not
fun to watch at all remember Ishii's
rival named Nakatomi well it turns out
naka told me has been officially
designated to the southern front of the
war the same front where the Japanese
are losing badly and it is a death
sentence to be sent out there it was all
generally she's doing the mother of the
baby who was killed his name's jowl face
shoot and she's taken by some generals
for testing she owes a pillow to cope
with the loss of her baby in the
beginning it was 1944 but now time has
passed maybe over a year later Joe is
tied up and has her arms frozen solid
over time then she is brought back in
with frostbite and is dipped into 15
degrees Celsius water and as her arms
both degloved by the lead scientist
another victim named Jin is put into an
instant freezing station of negative 196
degrees Celsius and it takes only a few
smashes to his arms to completely
shatter them the youth core have seen
both experiments and they struggle to
watch them so slowly moved through time
and now it's the summer of 1945 the
Empire of Japan is suffering across all
fronts and a survival depends on the
biological weapons that the unit can
create according to this general they
are produced a virus 60 times stronger
than the Black Death virus and has
enough of it to wipe out all of mankind
apparently I guess but there aren't any
successful ways to spread it by bomb or
anything I guess you can't really rely
on just rats and fleas
generally she gets an idea soon though
one day is is sexually relaxing with
some geishas one geisha comes in though
and each she decides that he wants her
all to himself he awkwardly lathers up
her body and pinches her when you pull
his hairs from her she knocks over a
little pottery Bowl and it's pressed
pieces everywhere
it gives him the idea to create bombs
that spread the virus like that it's
such an idea that gives him a standing
ovation from anybody too scared to
question him they are still testing
single people behind the scenes though
I'm more of a computer scientist than
anything so I can't really understand
the point of some of these experiments
like what was the point of the freezing
when they can't stop shutting up about
black death this and plague that this
next experiment is nasty and gross they
put Chu hua here in a decompression
chamber and crank it up all the way to
the highest setting it eventually makes
him bloated and he bust out his boughs
and intestines outside of his booty Oh
sounds like a terrible way to go
hopefully his pain ended quickly but
again what was the point of that
maybe this film could explain the point
of the experiments better but perhaps it
helps for us to be in the dark like how
the prisoners themselves were a Russian
woman named Natasha and her daughter are
then slowly killed by some gas as the
youth watch I told y'all a lot of
children would be dying in the next few
uploads we just getting started - one
day of the Meucci knees boy who plays on
the other side of the compound is led in
by his friend the superior generals
asked him to leave the boy in but didn't
tell him why the boy is excited and
happy and the doctors have gained his
trust easily they ship him new put him
to sleep and then get right into
dissecting him they harvest all of his
organs
I can't showed the scene because I hear
from many sources that the director
includes Ryo dissection footage into
this scene anyway his friend is forced
to push the boy's corpse all the way to
the cremation room you see the youth
core didn't like that
at all they band together to punish the
superior officer for killing the mute
boy during a disinfection scene they all
jump him and beat him with wooden sticks
previously they were forced to beat a
Chinese prisoner just like this well
here comes the famous cat scene a live
cat is thrown into a den of rats and is
slowly munched on by them until it
becomes a bloody mess probably won't
show the ending result because I hear of
course that this scene could have been
real I don't want to show real animal
abuse anymore at the Cannibal Holocaust
that's one of my biggest regrets
regardless things are wrapping up for a
unit 731
the main prisoners want to escape and
survive so they can alert the outside
world to the presence of unit 731 but
they still got to survive the
experiments one experiment is tying
prisoners to cross us and having planes
drop ceramic bombs on them feel with
fleas but the airfield were treated why
did they retreat because apparently
Hiroshima and Nagasaki had been bombed
unit 731 is called to retreat as well in
the midst of the bad news the prisoners
all escape from their bounds still they
got outrun the trucks and machine guns
it doesn't go too well for the prisoners
but they do have some balls though only
one of the prisoners survives and his
name is stone he was like the young hope
for some of the prisoners to let the
outside world know about this
establishment the youth Corps actually
hide him and he cremation later
generally she gets the orders saying to
retreat and he just sits a reflection
about it the Empire lost big time huh he
assumes the responsibility to destroy
everything that could prove the
existence of unit 731
which includes documents infrastructure
and prisoners everybody is also ordered
to commit suicide if captured with
cyanide but the generals soon disagree
with that
and just say that everybody should just
go back to their families this scene
right here is a scene of huge loss you
can just feel the failure somebody is
hiding along though it's the single
living prisoner stone but he eventually
gets found out now clap it up for stone
clap it up for stone because this dude
was ready to defend himself against a
dozen of Japanese soldiers like like he
was care you or some he dies though but
he died hard you see what I'm saying his
goal was to escape and alert others
outside of Manchu though I guess about
the presence of unit 731 it's fine
though because we know about it now
the movie ends as stones blood splatters
on the Japanese flag and a crying baby
is heard along with his mother and a
youth core being driven away the general
is watched silently World War two was
just a ridiculous time I can read about
it all on one but I can't imagine a
fraction of what it's really like how do
we got through black son 731 let's talk
about the mostess third moment and most
enjoy a moment and that spooky stuff
so let's get right into it the mostest
thermometer is for me either the
pressure chamber scene or the newts boy
organ dissection the pressure chamber
scene was just gross and I don't want to
imagine death in that way the dissection
was sad because the boy had no idea what
was going to happen the most enjoyed
moment is probably the youth poor they
basically disregarded their superiors a
lot and didn't fall victim to the
dangerous rhetoric that generals would
use to dehumanize the prisoners empathy
is lacking in many people today and
that's it I hope you guys enjoyed this
video I got a lot more time on my hands
so I'm gonna be uploading as much as I
would like
I might even play some games or some I
don't know well um I'll see y'all next
week spooky out